IaaS: Infrastucture as a Service
here you manage os ,middleware and runtime 
more than PaaS.

AWS is cloud computing servixes has vast range of services.
ECS it is elastic container service is a high scalable fast containder management service that makes it easy to run stop and manage docker container on a cluster.
at center we have containere defination then outside task defination then service and then cluster.
A task defination is  like a bluprint of your application lke dockerfile . in this step you will specify a task definition so amazon ECS knows which docker image to use for containers , how many containers to use in tak  and the sersouce allocationfor each container.Your entire app stack does not need to exist on single task defination and in most cases it should not.

Ecs allows to runa dn maintain spedcidfeid instances of task deifination simulteneourlsy in an cluster clled services.ecs cluster is logincal grouping tasks
AWS Fargate is a serverless compute engine for Amazon ECS that lets you run containers without managing servers or EC2 clusters. You simply define your container requirements (CPU, memory, networking, IAM policies), and Fargate provisions and scales the infrastructure automatically.
ECS Launch Types Comparison
Feature	Fargate	EC2 Launch Type
Infrastructure Mgmt	Fully managed by AWS	User manages EC2 instances
Scaling	Automatic	Manual or auto-scaling groups
Isolation	Per-task isolation	Shared EC2 host resources
Cost Model	Pay per vCPU & memory per second	Pay for EC2 instances (even if idle)
Use Case	Simplified, serverless workloads	Custom control, specialized hardware

why we use ecs ?
containerization has transformed how we deploy software
key options Kubernets,ECS, Docker swarm
Kubernets is the container orchestratoin engine of choice but has most complex setup and mangemnet theers new place amazon ecs for Kubernetes EKS.

CI/CD + Dockerization gets your app built, tested, and packaged into a container image. ECS (or another orchestrator) is about running and managing those containers in production at scale.

so now in aws access management go to security and then in iam thne create a new group which is collection of permissiont now ecs admin thne atach some permission to group ec2containerservice then regitry and tehn iamreadonlyaccesst then create group

now will create a user add user tehn username ecs admin user new tehn programatic accwess then next tehn atatch group then next then skip then create user and then create access key as we dont see same key again

in order to setup ecs cluster we need aws cli so download it

now cmd do aws configure then give access key and id of our newly created user and then default region name is us-east-1 then ouput format skip

then aws iam list-users
now we need to create a space where we install docker images so that other servies can use it so we use ecr and define url as udemy-ml-api
ther will get URI whichll use it.
now take docker images ans put then in ecr so we build it locally and then push it  so go to cmd and in out project then echo %PIP_exta_idnex_url%

now docker build --build-arg PIP_EXTRA_INDEX_URL =%PIP_EXTRA_INDEX_URL% -t udemy-ml-api:latest .
then docerk tag udemy-ml-api:latest %AWS_ACCOUNT_ID%.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/udemy-ml-api:latest
fist section of uri is aws account id

now check it by using docker images

now login to ecr by aws ecr get-login --no-include email --region us-east-1
will get docker login command that past it again and run it login will succedd

now push it by 
docker push udemy-ml-api:latest %AWS_ACCOUNT_ID%.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/udemy-ml-api:latest

now creating the ecs cluster by fargate launch method which require less configure
so go to ecr then in our repo cpoy latest image uri then go to ecsthen clusters and get started 
create cutom defination then image pase url then then hard linit of mem useage 128 then port 
mapping 5000 then advance config then in environ ment var section set PIP_exta_idnex_url  and gemfury url
https://somthing.io/ourname/
paste it her and update then next then next cluter ame ml-api-cluster then next and review and then 
then create, now created cluster now go to view service and select tasks it would be runnig now go to task so in logs we can see unikarn started success go to pulic ip and paste it in browere then in give port 5000/health
updating the containers in clusters
now go to our clustr then thers service runnign 
aws ecs update-service --cluster ml-api-cluster --service custom-servicename --task-defination first-run-task-definitionname --force-new-deployment

so in that service the additional task will be provisioned
and we can use it by publi ip

if we let it runnig then it will make cost if our freee premium empty so delete it

deploying to ecs using ci pipeline
we have added section 12  in config.yml
so we need to run to circle ci so we need  to have env to circle ci as AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID THEN ACCOUTN_ID THEN AWS DEFAULT REGION THN SECRETE ACCESS key

Without ECS: You’d have to manually manage servers, networking, scaling, and container orchestration.

Without CI/CD: You’d have to manually build, push, and deploy containers each time — error-prone and slow.

With ECS + CI/CD: You get a robust, automated, scalable deployment workflow where code changes flow smoothly from Git commits to production containers.

git add --all
This stages all changes in your working directory:

New files

Modified files

Deleted files

Without --all, you’d have to specify files individually (e.g., git add file1.py file2.py).

It ensures nothing is left behind accidentally — every tracked change is prepared for the next commit.

🔹 git commit -m "something write"
This takes the staged changes (from git add) and records them in the repository’s history.

The -m flag lets you attach a commit message directly from the command line.

The commit message is important because it explains why the change was made, making collaboration and debugging easier later.